Document Pulsar 'eventTime' for 'from-device' MQTT messages (#4330)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-integration/mqtt-service-bundle/pulsar-client.md

The payload is a sequence of zero or more bytes, identical to the payload of the MQTT `PUBLISH` message that the Pulsar message corresponds to.
It is the client's responsibility to understand the format of the payloads produced and accepted by the MQTT devices it communicates with.

For messages received from devices, the Pulsar `eventTime` field holds the time that the MQTT `PUBLISH` message arrived at the MQTT Service.

> The time is represented as a Unix timestamp (the number of milliseconds since 1 January 1970 00:00:00 UTC).

Reviewer: Question: Is the timestamp 100% definitely UTC? Only asking because we implemented this while our local time and UTC happen to be the same...

Author: That is what the Java docs say, yes -
> The returned timestamp is a UNIX timestamp since midnight, January 1, 1970 UTC in milliseconds.

https://javadoc.io/static/com.hivemq/hivemq-extension-sdk/4.26.0/com/hivemq/extension/sdk/api/packets/publish/PublishPacket.html#getTimestamp()

The payload is a sequence of zero or more bytes, identical to the payload of the MQTT `PUBLISH` message that the Pulsar message corresponds to.
It is the client's responsibility to understand the format of the payloads produced and accepted by the MQTT devices it communicates with.

> For messages received from devices, the Pulsar `eventTime` metadata field is populated with the Unix timestamp (in milliseconds) of when the MQTT `PUBLISH` message arrived at the MQTT Service. This ensures downstream consumers have a consistent time source for processing.

Reviewer: Not sure I'm correct about the timezone, maybe it's local time? Either way, we should be explicit about it.
```suggestion
For messages received from devices, the Pulsar `eventTime` field holds the time that the MQTT `PUBLISH` message arrived at the MQTT Service.
The time is represented as the number of milliseconds since midnight, 1 January 1970, in the UTC timezone.
This ensures downstream consumers have a consistent time source for processing.
```

Your client will only be able to consume from this topic if the authenticated user has the "read" permission on the "Mqtt service messaging topics" role.
The client will not be able to consume from any other topic.

> The client identifier of the device that published the messages, and the MQTT topic it was published on, can be obtained from the message properties `clientID` and `topic` as described above. Furthermore, the Pulsar `eventTime` field provides the exact timestamp when the message was received by the MQTT Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client identifier of the device that published the messages, and the MQTT topic it was published on, can be obtained from the message properties `clientID` and `topic` as described above.
The Pulsar `eventTime` field provides the exact time when the message was received by the MQTT Service.
```

To consume messages from the topic, your client should create a Pulsar `Consumer` and subscribe it to the topic.
The consumer should register a `MessageListener` callback that will be called whenever a new message arrives on the topic.

> The `MessageListener` implementation shows how to access the payload, properties, and the MQTT `PUBLISH` message arrival timestamp of the received messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MessageListener` implementation shows how to access the payload, properties, and arrival time of the received messages.
```

            public void received(Consumer<byte[]> consumer, Message<byte[]> message) {
                final String clientId = message.getProperty("clientID");
                final String topic = message.getProperty("topic");
                final long eventTime = message.getEventTime();
                System.out.println(MessageFormat.format("Received message from MQTT device {0} on MQTT topic {1}", clientId, topic));

>                 System.out.println(MessageFormat.format("MQTT PUBLISH arrival timestamp: {0}", eventTime));

Reviewer: Note: Please update the [sample code](https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/cumulocity-examples/blob/develop/mqtt-service/java-simple-pulsar-client/src/main/java/c8y/example/mqttservice/SimplePulsarClient.java) to match.

Reviewer: LOL. I should have read the rest of my mails before commenting :-)

            public void received(Consumer<byte[]> consumer, Message<byte[]> message) {
                final String clientId = message.getProperty("clientID");
                final String topic = message.getProperty("topic");
                final long eventTime = message.getEventTime();
                System.out.println(MessageFormat.format("Received message from MQTT device {0} on MQTT topic {1}", clientId, topic));

>                 System.out.println(MessageFormat.format("MQTT PUBLISH arrival timestamp: {0}", eventTime));

Reviewer: Note: Will need to change if you take up my [suggestion](https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/cumulocity-examples/pull/166#discussion_r2832948973) on the other PR. Totally up to you if you do that or not.
